Key,Source,Context,English,Japanese
noteLore01RH,items,Quest - Note,President Passes Away,"大統領逝去のお知らせ"
noteLore01RHDesc,items,Quest - Note,"Unfortunate news today as the President of the United States has passed away. You will recall the President had injected himself with the only working prototype of the antibody for the virus.\n\nShortly after the President departed on Air Force One to an undisclosed location. It is during this flight that it was said the President said he needed to get a little air and then promptly opened the emergency hatch and walked out.\n\nThe Vice President said he is unaware if his actions were due to the side effects from the antibody.","今日は残念なお知らせがある。アメリカ大統領がお亡くなりになった。知っての通り、大統領は、ウイルスに対する抗体の唯一の試作品を自ら注射したのだ。\n\nその直後、大統領はエアフォースワンで非公開の場所へ出発たのだが、飛行中に大統領は「外の空気を吸いたい」と言って、突然緊急ハッチを開けて外に出たと言われている。\n\n副大統領は、この行動が抗体の副作用によるものかどうかはわからないと述べている。"
noteLore02RH,items,Quest - Note,Makasin Pharmaceuticals Announce Antibody,"Makasin社が抗体を発表"
noteLore02RHDesc,items,Quest - Note,"It was announced today the the Makasin Company had finally produced positive results in their search for an antibody to the deadly virus that has riddled the nation with violence.\n\nA rep from the company stated that a sample is on the way to higher ups at the White House and a press conference is forthcoming.","本日、Makasin カンパニーは、全米を襲った致命的なウイルスに対する抗体を探す中で、ついに有効な結果を得たと発表した。\n\nMakasin 社の担当によると、サンプルはホワイトハウスの上層部に送られ、記者会見が行われる予定である。"
noteLore03RH,items,Quest - Note,President Labels Lone Wolves Terrorists,"大統領がLone Wolvesをテロリストと認定"
noteLore03RHDesc,items,Quest - Note,"In a televised interview aired last night, the President was asked about the Lone Wolves and their recent string of attacks on Makasin Pharmaceuticals.\n\nThe President called the motorcycle group a group of terrorists and vowed to bring them to justice.\n\nThe Lone Wolves recently made headlines when they fire bombed 2 of the Makasin warehouses as well as tried to kidnap Makasin CEO Makabriel.","昨夜放映されたテレビインタビューで、大統領はLone Wolvesと彼らによるMakasin製薬への最近の一連の攻撃について質問を受けた。\n\n大統領は、このバイカー集団をテロリストと呼び、彼らを裁くことを約束した。\n\nLone Wolvesは最近、Makasin社の2つの倉庫を爆破し、Makasin社のCEO Makabrielを誘拐しようとしたことで話題になっていた。"
noteDuke01Desc,items,Quest - Note,"If you are reading this that means I am already gone and my club is no longer. The Lone Wolves came into town shortly after the Makasin took over. They were more ruthless than any other crew around us.\n\nOne by one they picked us off. People believed they were what was finally going to shut down the Makasin. They were wrong. Now war has broken out. Rotters are everywhere. Find one of our final outposts brother. It is your last chance at survival. -Jax","あなたがこれを読んでいるということは、私はすでに死んでおり、私のクラブもなくなったのだろう。Lone WolvesはMakasinが街を支配下に収めた直後にやってきた。彼らは我々の周りのどのクルーよりも冷酷だった。\n\n一人、また一人と殺されていった。人々は彼らが最終的にMakasinを停止させると信じていたが それは間違いだった。そして、戦争が始まった。奴らは至るところにいる。最後の前哨基地を見つけるんだ、兄弟。生き残るための最後のチャンスだ - Jax"
noteDuke01,items,Quest - Note,Note from Jax,"Jaxからのメモ"
noteLore04RH,items,Quest - Note,Teflon Mak Walks Again,"不屈のMakabriel釈放される"
noteLore04RHDesc,items,Quest - Note,"Late yesterday accused crime boss and lead investor in Makasin Pharmaceuticals Makabriel walked once again on charges of federal racketeering.\n\nThis is the third time the notorious crime lord has been tried and released. Federal prosecutors are said to be livid when accusations of trial tampering and intimidating witnesses were brought to their attention.\n\nNo word on if prosecutors will attempt to retry the case at this time.","昨日遅く、犯罪組織のボスであり、連邦政府の不正取引の罪で逮捕されていたMakasin製薬の主要投資家であったMakabrielは、再び釈放された。\n\nこの悪名高い犯罪王が裁判にかけられ、釈放されるのはこれで3度目である。連邦検察官は、裁判の改ざんや証人の威嚇などの告発を受け、憤慨しているという。\n\n現時点では、検察官が再審を試みるかどうかは不明である。"
noteLore05RH,items,Quest - Note,Gang Warfare,"ギャングの抗争"
noteLore05RHDesc,items,Quest - Note,"Lone Wolves leader Rizzano was said to be recovering from 3 gunshots this evening after what appears to be a gangland shootout occurred in downtown Ravenhearst.\n\nThere were no witness to the shooting but rumor has it that the other gang involved were members from the Makasin, which recently has been uncovered to have ties with the Yakuza.\n\nThe Lone Wolves have been spreading word that Makasin and its companies including Makasin Pharmaceuticals are in a secret partnership with leading members of government, including the President himself. The President has denied all allegations.","Lone WolvesのリーダーであるRizzanoは、今晩、Ravenhearstのダウンタウンで起きたギャングの銃撃戦と思われる事件で、3発の銃弾を受けて治療中だという。\n\n目撃者はいなかったが、噂では、最近ヤクザとの関係が明らかになったMakasinのメンバーが関与していたと言われている。\n\nLone Wolvesは、Makasinとその関連企業Makasin製薬が、大統領を含む政府の有力メンバーと秘密裏に提携しているという情報を流している。大統領は全ての疑惑を否定している。"
newsPaperVendingRH,blocks,Block,Old News Vendor,"古い新聞販売機"
noteLore06RH,items,Quest - Note,Hospitals See Rise,"病院における報告例の増加"
noteLore06RHDesc,items,Quest - Note,"Local area hospitals have seen a rise in the number of patients coming in for multiple flu like symptoms.\n\nAlthough at first it was initially announced that a 7th wave of Covid was hitting the area, it appears now that this virus is nothing like the Coronavirus. Vaccines have little impact and as of this writing there were reports that those that had contracted the virus seemed to exhibit rabid behavior.\n\nWe hope to have more information by the time we go to press in the morning but until now it is advised that all contact between humans should be reduced as much as possible.","地域の病院では、様々なインフルエンザのような症状を訴える患者が増加している。\n\n当初、コロナウイルスの第7波がこの地域を襲っていると発表されていましたが、現在ではこのウイルスはコロナウイルスとは似ても似つかぬものであると考えられるようになった。ワクチンの効果はほとんどなく、この記事を書いている時点では、ウイルスに感染した人が狂暴な行動をとっているようだという報告もある。\n\n明日の朝刊までにはさらに詳しい情報が得られると思われるが、それまでは人間同士の接触を極力減らすほうが懸命であろう。"
noteLore07RH,items,Quest - Note,The Dead Walk,"死者が蘇った"
noteLore07RHDesc,items,Quest - Note,"It would appear as if our worst fears have come true. Those infected with the recent virus and have passed are somehow rising from the dead and consuming the flesh of others.\n\nThere is no other way for us to say this. Our worst fear has come true. The zombies are real.","恐れていたことが現実になってしまったようだ。最近のウイルスに感染して亡くなった人たちが、何らかの方法で死から蘇り、他人の肉を食べているのだ。\n\nこれ以外に説明のしようがない。最悪の恐怖が現実になった。ゾンビは本物なのだ。"
